every day people once again the
shoe box today my other video from
I probably wrote to me last and
the one asked as well as mine
control in mw2 and mw3 is and there
I thought of it but you can
make a video and the same
Let's show it to people
graphic here resolution 1280 x 27
brightness is quite high with me
See it all so far
darkest corners expand
graphics settings have mine
Graphics settings a bit high
made again because he a banner that
sucks looked blah and all that
times turned on aspects or web frequently
I think so you can see the opponents
better new sound 5.1 up so the
reader was my tax usd should he
but so should his jump spacebar
also be with everyone but then here
I duck on a live cow sprint
pause breath and nothing
yes, this eq and the toggle that
I think almost none of you think so
that is why a separate start here is so
I'm somehow best and clear
action from blabla to land i have on
airbags the advice on middle-range middle
the mouse button you can see here all
work a bit different control
user phau plays the ghana the fag
tube grad from a degree in on 4 and
Blabla per mouse sensitivity I have
pretty much done so I aim precisely
may also be from further distance
and yes, that was probably it
here I come from mw2
again to mp3 but that's almost
that's exactly how we'll be right back
there we would go already mw3
We here on options dissolve like you
have 1280 x 720 following activity too
relatively high up was suddenly out
more graphics namely a bit more
Inside spec commercial inside and rest
you can see everything is control
stayed the same edo lie down
something else statements series 45 67
out of sensitivity the most pretty
far below
and yes, many say that they are his
out of sensitivity who the whole time
above is mega the pro and none
idea
I do not think so is everyone
let's leave it if he's with us
low mouse settings need
skills get along but that's why
allow
that's it really well so far
okay and I hope I liked it
this little info video of me
and then until next time